it's hard draft number six and it's
afton gut captain Donald
next sponge McDonald's toy the scissors
and now I need a fifth one yeah and this
time maybe hope to get it this weekend
we got six before 5:00
we trade in a toy you trade an old toy
you gotta draw itself in this one so
here's the and it says it's the fourth I
see let's look up close let's do it it's
called sea captain gutt and then just a
fourth eye shades on it's like he's
supposed to be a gorilla right let's see
it captain he's a pirate three I think
he might be the captain pirate captain
we don't know we haven't seen the movie
but this is the fourth I see and
speaking about Ice Age I see Colonel for
coming out today is July 13th this one
but I like this one the best and I give
it a 9 and a 4 and here's my unit 4 out
of 10 I am a bitch I'm over it need
three 10 out of four and I hate for our
time yeah
here is Sid he does the same thing uh
let's I'll show her how do you put it
well if I don't think you know put him
here in front of here I don't think this
is sorry do that because you showed it
another video how
oh here they all work the center said
here's and it says who says me is the
fourth ice age and here is scrat's
journey back here's Manny this is Manny
in the back
mm-hmm here is Diego this is Diego in
the back now here is the last one you
got which is he kind of their ego and
captain gutt all right those in the back
and death okay bye-bye